>> Jem Young: So
we learned lots of things.
We're onto part three, we learned
about server maintenance, updates,
security passes, firewalls.
Let's talk about shells for a bit.
The shell is the thing we're running, this
is a shell, we're in a shell right now.
Some people think,
we're talking directly to our kernel,
we're talking directly to our OS.
Not true, we're talking through a series
of other applications that talk to our OS,
because humans are not that smart.
We just couldn't directly
talk to the kernel,
we would mess things up very quickly.
But before going to shells,
I'll cover that a bit later,
let's cover some useful command
lines tools, like we did last time.
We learned VI and ping, and traceroute,
and nmap, let's cover a few more things,
probably the most useful things.
I know I've said that for
every single command we've ever learned.
Because they're all useful, but find and
grep are probably the two
most useful commands.
Because they work on
your regular OSX machine,
they work on most Linux installations.
The two ways of finding
things are find and grep.
Find, it finds file names.
Grep is for file contents.
Some people get a little mixed up with
that, so, find, names, grep, contents.
Find, the anatomy of a find command.
And you're saying, Jem, you don't lay
out any other commands like this,
this is because find is that useful.
It's very fast, if you master find, you
will just be like, where is that one file?
I can look it up because
it has a million options.
But the breakdown of
a find command is find,
the command,
the directory you want to look at.
The option flags you want to pass,
generally name, then the file or
folder you want to find.
Not that tricky, but it's a lot,
it's much more than people are used to
when they talk about searching things.
You just want to search something, find is
a little bit more dense because it's very,
very powerful.
So for instance, if we want to find,
well, before we go to find,
useful options,
right here the option flag.
There's a lot of options you could find,
we could find something by name,
we could find files of type.
We could find empty files,
we could find files by permissions,
which is really useful.
We could say, these are all
the executable files on our file system.
We could find all the things
that are writeable, as in,
these are not just read only,
you can write to them too.
Find is extremely powerful, and
if you learn how to use find,
you can actually do many,
many, many things.
And I added a link at the bottom to
Lifewire, just a lot of uses of find,
because there are many.
If you think, I'm just looking for
file names, it's way more than that.